Analytics for AMP edits (#3443)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/amp/index.md

</amp-analytics>
  ```

### UTM parameters

> Our AMP Source doesn't automatically collect UTM parameters for you but you can define these explicitly as a property. An example of this is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment's AMP Source doesn't collect UTM parameters for you but you can define them as a property. An example of this is shown below:
```
